
MIDIFEATURE(N)                       LOCAL                      MIDIFEATURE(N)

NNAAMMEE
     mmiiddiiffeeaattuurree - tclmidi command to control hardware specific features on a
     MIDI device

SSYYNNOOPPSSIISS
     mmiiddiiffeeaattuurree DevID [device_specific_features]

DDEESSCCRRIIPPTTIIOONN
     mmiiddiiffeeaattuurree is a tclmidi(1) command that allows you to control features
     available only on some MIDI hardware interfaces.  The ability to control
     features common to all MIDI interfaces is done with the mididevice(n)
     command.  The first argument is the device identifier, as returned by a
     call to mididevice(n).  The remaining arguments are device specific.

     Currently, the following features are available:

     kernel_timing  This feature enable kernel based timing on the interface.
                    This is the default timing mode on all devices.

     smpte_timing   This feature is only available on the MQX-32 MIDI inter-
                    face.  It enables an external timing mode based on a SMPTE
                    tape.  The device will follow the SMPTE tape times, even
                    if the tape is rewound, or fast-forwarded.

     mpu401_timing  This feature is available on all fully MPU401 compatible
                    boards.  It puts the board in intelligent mode and uses it
                    as a timing source.  Due to driver implementation details,
                    it really is no more accurate than kernel_timing, and per-
                    haps less so.  It use is discouraged, and is only used for
                    driver debugging purposes.

     get_smpte      This feature is only available on the MQX-32 MIDI inter-
                    face when that device is in SMPTE mode.  It returns the
                    current SMPTE time.  The time is in the form:
                    hh:mm:ss:fr:ff

RREETTUURRNN VVAALLUUEESS
     Return values are dependent on the feature type.  See the list above for
     details.

SSEEEE AALLSSOO
     tclmidi(1),  mididevice(n)

AAUUTTHHOORR
     Mike Durian - durian@boogie.com

BSD Experimental                 Nov 30, 1995                                1
